I now want to make the AbonnementsSection. This section should list all the people that have their abonnement using ant design table. It should list the name last name groupe if there is one, the number of BDs they have rented ie the number of BDs in the locations table with their mid that dont have a "fin" date. The row should be clickable and the pages should be 50 people max with pages. Once a row is clicked, it should replace the table with on one part all of the information of the person. This information should be editable if we click on a edit button and saved once we click on save. Have a popup come up if we try to do something else without having saved a change. Underneath should be a list of the books that that member has rented ie the BDs in the locations table with their mid. The row should have a button when a member returns a book. This then adds the "fin" date to the current timestamp in the locations table (through an api call. The call should only be doable if signed in as admin). Under that should be a search bar with a list of 50 bds (again using a ant table with pages). The row of a BD should have a button to add this BD to the member. This add a row to the locations table with the necessary information.

Create the BDs subsection. This subsection should be composed of a sortable table with 50 rows max, that uses pages and that has a search function. In each row there should be a edit and delete button. The edit button should allow changes to fields of a BD. date_create date_modification titre_nom serie_nom should be ignored at the moment. There should also be two button at the top, one to add a BD and another to scan new BDs. The add a BD button should create a new BD again with date_create date_modification titre_nom serie_nom ignored at the moment. The scan button's purpose will be explained later.
The scan button should be greyed out if we are not on a mobile device. If we are on a phone it should open the camera. Once a ISBN barcode scanned a small popup should be shown to notify that a scan had succeeded